Astro CLI v1.3.1 Release Notes (#513)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli-release-notes.md

If you have any questions or a bug to report, don't hesitate to reach out to us via Slack or Intercom. We're here to help.

## v1.3.1

Release date: March 17, 2022

> ### Organizations added to Login Flow
> 
> The Astro CLI will now ask you for your email when you login. It will log you into your organization with this email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Support for Identity-Based Login Flow

To better integrate with Astro's identity-based login flow, the CLI now prompts you for your login email after you run `astrocloud auth login`. Based on your email, the CLI assumes your Astro Organization and automatically brings you to your Organization's login flow via web browser.
```

> ### Bug Fixes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Additional Improvements
```

> - CI/CD pipelines with `astrocloud deploy` now take less time. The command now only builds and tests one image per deploy.
> - We have added new example pytests to the example test file. Now users have more examples to follow.
> - Fixes`dev parse` permission errors on WSL. To fix this issue, delete your `.astrocloud` directory and run `astrocloud dev init`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `astrocloud deploy` now builds and tests only one image per deploy. This should result in improved deployment times in CI/CD pipelines which use this command. 
- The `test` directory generated by `astrocloud dev init` now includes more example pytests.

### Bug Fixes

- Partially fixed `dev parse` permission errors on WSL. To fully fix this issue for an Astro project, you must delete the project's existing `.astrocloud` directory and rerun `astrocloud dev init`.
```
